Professor, you are so chic
Much better than Chen Xunana
Chen Xunan again
Why did you blurt it out?
Yes professor
What job do you want me to do?
I'll do anything.
Come and sit first
How about before work?
I'll do one thing first
What's the matter?
Let me see if it hurts today.
No need to cut your hands
It's alright, this will swell if you don't rub it open.
You say you're always reckless
The professor is so gentle
Not as bad-tempered as Chen Xunan
Why is it Chen Xu Nan again?
Why is he so haunted?
Yeah. Does it still hurt?
That's better. You?
Walk carefully in the future
At least you won't hurt yourself
Hmm, got it.
Zhizhi
For my financial and economic modeling these days
Are you exhausted?
I'm not tired professor, you will definitely win an award
You are the youngest professor in the world of finance
If it weren't for your financial literacy
Have a special feeling
My financial and economic model
It won't be built so soon.
Let's talk about it.
You seem to have a very good sixth sense for financial data
No, the professor taught you well.
That's my sixth sense, okay?
Stupid handsome guy
Professor, let me take another look
Don't be stressed. Hmm.
The judges are invited to enter now
Ring Master ready
only
Looking for so long
Finally found you